they reach a depth of 80 meters this is
the spot where Tierney thinks they're
most likely to see sunfish coming right
in oh my gosh
okay so hola guys right to me shirts 82
meters oh my gosh it's nicer
just an hour into their dive and the
team has found a sunfish they've never
observed one this deep before
it's really elegant despite the fact
that it just looks like a big dinner
plate with two effects on either size
sunfish can grow to be over three metres
long and weighed two and a half tons
it's the world's largest bony fish as it
grows it gains an incredible 1 kilogram
per day
it's mean food is jellyfish so T Ernie
thinks sunfish might be venturing down
here to feed owner but today that after
something else
some fish skin carries as many as 40
different parasites the tiny organisms
are removed by cleaner fish
without this cleaning service sunfish
would become infested with parasites
compromising their health
[Music]
this is the first time that such
behavior has been seen at depth in
Galapagos
like it's sort of it in another world
right now it doesn't it doesn't seem
like it's very aware of what's going on
around it by taking that unusual
attitude it's saying to everybody who
could potentially clean it I'm ready for
my spa treatment come in and exfoliate
me I'm not gonna eat you I'm I'm at
peace and come do you things for me they
underscore how everybody plays a role
everyone is what makes this system tick
[Music]
you